Document the manual approach how to use the Rich error model (#1507)
akka/akka-grpc: docs/src/main/paradox/server/details.md

Java
:   @@snip[ExceptionGreeterServiceImpl](/interop-tests/src/test/java/example/myapp/helloworld/grpc/ExceptionGreeterServiceImpl.java) { #streaming }

## Rich error model
Beyond status codes you can also use the [Rich error model](https://www.grpc.io/docs/guides/error/#richer-error-model). Currently there is no native support for this concept in Akka gRPC. However you can use the following manual approach.

Add the following dependency to receive required classes (that are based on the [common protobuf](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/errors#error_model)):

```

> "io.grpc" % "grpc-protobuf" % "1.42.1"

Reviewer: maybe add `libraryDependencies +=`, and create tabs for maven and gradle

```

Define a custom error handler (to transform a `StatusRuntimeException` into a common `Trailers` format) and pass it into your handler: 

Scala
:    @@snip[RichErrorModelSpec](/interop-tests/src/test/scala/akka/grpc/scaladsl/RichErrorModelSpec.scala) { #custom_eHandler }

Java
:    @@snip[RichErrorModelTest](/interop-tests/src/test/java/example/myapp/helloworld/grpc/RichErrorModelTest.java) { #custom_eHandler }

Build and return the error as an exception:

Scala
:    @@snip[RichErrorModelSpec](/interop-tests/src/test/scala/akka/grpc/scaladsl/RichErrorModelSpec.scala) { #rich_error_model_unary }

Java
:    @@snip[RichErrorModelTest](/interop-tests/src/test/java/example/myapp/helloworld/grpc/RichErrorImpl.java) { #rich_error_model_unary }

> Please use this approach carefully as we did not look into a potential performance overhead it can introduce. Please look @ref[here](../client/details.md) how to handle this on the client.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is needed

Java
:   @@snip[ExceptionGreeterServiceImpl](/interop-tests/src/test/java/example/myapp/helloworld/grpc/ExceptionGreeterServiceImpl.java) { #streaming }

## Rich error model
Beyond status codes you can also use the [Rich error model](https://www.grpc.io/docs/guides/error/#richer-error-model). Currently there is no native support for this concept in Akka gRPC. However you can use the following manual approach.

> Add the following dependency to receive required classes (that are based on the [common protobuf](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/errors#error_model)):

Reviewer: did you mean
```suggestion
Add the following dependency to receive required classes (that are based on the [common protobuf](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/blob/master/google/rpc/error_details.proto)):
```
?

`sbt`
:   @@@vars
```sbt

> libraryDependencies += "io.grpc" % "grpc-protobuf" % "1.42.1"

Reviewer: We have a `grpc.version` paradox property (https://github.com/akka/akka-grpc/blob/main/build.sbt#L188), perhaps that could be used here so the version gets automatically updated?
